Mary Kastner: Hi.
Hilaal’s iPhone: There.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Yeah.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Am I saying your name right.
Mary Kastner: Have your video on
Hilaal’s iPhone: Yeah, I see all my videos. Not all
Mary Kastner: There's a little video camera lower left.
Mary Kastner: Corner, click on that.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Oh, my apologies.
Mary Kastner: There you go. There you go.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Hi there.
Mary Kastner: Hi, I'm Mary Kastner I'm a nurse practitioners psychiatry.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Our you go over
Mary Kastner: Nice day. Oh, can I say, and you're calling from Walnut Creek. So you're having a nice day to
Hilaal’s iPhone: It is hot.
Hilaal’s iPhone: It's
Good.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: So what's going on with you. What can we do to help you.
Mary Kastner: What, why are you seeking our services.
Hilaal’s iPhone: will pretty much its basic I was prescribed with a be coming out. That's what I was diagnosed with ADHD and I was taking at all and to get that done again because I haven't taken for a long time and
Hilaal’s iPhone: Not
Hilaal’s iPhone: Straight up.
Mary Kastner: Okay, how are they not good.
Hilaal’s iPhone: My days and everything.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, how come
Mary Kastner: What's not working for you.
Oh,
Hilaal’s iPhone: A long time but to explain that. But I'll be simple.
Hilaal’s iPhone: When I wasn't taking it up first, before I was like my life was really upside down. And when I was prescribed with it. It was really a life.
Mary Kastner: Of
Hilaal’s iPhone: Me, I was able to sit home.
Hilaal’s iPhone: I was able to think
Hilaal’s iPhone: Properly.
Hilaal’s iPhone: I have never
Hilaal’s iPhone: I never knew why. But when I took that on it.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Just
Hilaal’s iPhone: opened my mind and I had this I would have been able to go to school and actually no and
Hilaal’s iPhone: The reason why I never went because I was never able to do with either. Would I be able to get a driver's license because I was just forget things and comprehensible and Simon beaufoy I'm supposed to. He there easily
Hilaal’s iPhone: And it has so many other benefits so many other benefits that I just
Hilaal’s iPhone: Talked about for a long time.
Hilaal’s iPhone: And is help me remain calm sleep.
Hilaal’s iPhone: It helps me get even helping he will manage my diet.
Hilaal’s iPhone: We're regulated dreams because I would have horrible nightmares night terrors.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Were
Hilaal’s iPhone: It's everything really, it would make me even walk properly, it would make me move your domain.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Talk. Maintain eye contact.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Everything.
Mary Kastner: Wow, are you very versed, you can
Mary Kastner: Very well, describe
Hilaal’s iPhone: This
Mary Kastner: One of the things
Mary Kastner: You said it would help us.
Mary Kastner: Sit.
Mary Kastner: What do you mean by that, to to like stay put in one place.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Leaving more
Mary Kastner: Oh,
Yeah.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Like around or
Mary Kastner: Or
Hilaal’s iPhone: Be uncomfortable with
Was
Hilaal’s iPhone: Sweet.
Hilaal’s iPhone: It will help me. This is what
Hilaal’s iPhone: Made me go to sleep and actually
Hilaal’s iPhone: Know, this will sound weird, but it made me feel
Hilaal’s iPhone: Sense that made me sense basically everything my blanket. For example, underneath under my pillow. The air blowing on
Hilaal’s iPhone: It would make me even remember what a green, please.
Mary Kastner: Wow, how come he went off.
Hilaal’s iPhone: rather strange
Hilaal’s iPhone: I stopped seeing the psychiatrist, because I was seeing my grandfather helping around
Hilaal’s iPhone: And it was too far from the
Hilaal’s iPhone: Location. She was all the way
Hilaal’s iPhone: From the military side.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Mother would not let me go. Is he is old.
Hilaal’s iPhone: He has
Hilaal’s iPhone: Other issues.
Hilaal’s iPhone: So she's so worried if I would don't get further something or injure myself, even though it's nothing to me to go see my doctor had been so I decided to stop seeing them because they wouldn't send in my refill without them.
Hilaal’s iPhone: following them because they
Mary Kastner: See it
Hilaal’s iPhone: On me
Hilaal’s iPhone: So do like no
Mary Kastner: I see. Okay, so are you taking care of grandmother still are.
Mary Kastner: So you think you could handle being on the prescription better because you can do it on the video.
Mary Kastner: And not have to travel.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Know,
Hilaal’s iPhone: Knowing yeah community psychiatry is too far, far from there.
Hilaal’s iPhone: I would love it.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Alternative but it was the only option that would have done it and
Hilaal’s iPhone: We introduced to our line psychiatry, which seems a
Hilaal’s iPhone: Good.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Night all day Saturday going on. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay. So how long have you been off the at around
Hilaal’s iPhone: Eight months.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay, okay. And what was your dose.
Mary Kastner: Or
Hilaal’s iPhone: 30 milligrams
Mary Kastner: Regular release.
Mary Kastner: Yes.
Hilaal’s iPhone: That was the
Hilaal’s iPhone: X.
Over
Mary Kastner: X our extended release. Okay.
Oh,
Hilaal’s iPhone: Yeah, I was going to speak well
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Okay. And then, did you have any other diagnoses.
Mary Kastner: Besides ADHD.
I did.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Not nothing but those but
Hilaal’s iPhone: I was taking too long 16
Hilaal’s iPhone: And Sarah coil. This was multiple. I mean, this was in series like first I was
Hilaal’s iPhone: Told to take Sarah. I mean, the walks didn't work out. They know switch to Zola then it didn't work out.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Then it didn't work out there knows which
Hilaal’s iPhone: Then
Hilaal’s iPhone: It worked out.
Mary Kastner: Now, what do you mean by workout. Did you have side effects to those medicines.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Oh, yes.
Mary Kastner: Tell me about him.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Arthur
Hilaal’s iPhone: Heartburn from the flocks, a team. If I did not eat like eat so well breakfast or taking a bill. I would get a heart that is
indescribably
Hilaal’s iPhone: Or six so disabling it wasn't like
Hilaal’s iPhone: A disease or anything, but it just hurt so I hate taking other pills with medications like
Hilaal’s iPhone: Came to was so I would not take it.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Easy down so
Hilaal’s iPhone: Paired with my ADHD and Blanco organization, I would not remember to eat properly or something. So it's not really
Hilaal’s iPhone: Fearful
Hilaal’s iPhone: Of just shutting down. It was not really it's a it's a powerful for me.
Hilaal’s iPhone: It didn't work.
Mary Kastner: That was not as sleep agent people should use it for sleep. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay. How's your mood today a depressed it all.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Feeling
Hilaal’s iPhone: Better about this.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Regarding depression.
Mary Kastner: feeling anxious
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And how many hours of sleep did you get last night.
Hilaal’s iPhone: For hours.
Mary Kastner: I can hardly you know
Mary Kastner: Can you can you speak.
Mary Kastner: More into the income. It's really hard to hear there that's that's so much better.
Mary Kastner: I thought it was. I thought it was me.
Mary Kastner: How many hours of sleep did you
Mary Kastner: Say you got last night.
Hilaal’s iPhone: I go up like four hours of sleep.
Hilaal’s iPhone: And that is really good considering
Hilaal’s iPhone: Then I go D sometimes without sleep and
Hilaal’s iPhone: Oh no, it's not good.
Mary Kastner: Why don't you go days without sleep.
Hilaal’s iPhone: I mean, since I stopped taking out all the change my sleep patterns. I felt with girls and since and I still feel till now.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Even though it's not even
Hilaal’s iPhone: Considered withdrawal, but I do remember how it improved me and how my life was so just right, just the way it was supposed to be.
Hilaal’s iPhone: And it just makes me feel
Hilaal’s iPhone: Very horrible.
Hilaal’s iPhone: I mean, it makes me feel like I'm incapable. And I've also got some money, a little anxiety paired with hopelessness.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Lack of superior and lack of motivation. I was so motivated before
Hilaal’s iPhone: I would do things and study and fix computers. Now I'm just
Hilaal’s iPhone: Brain Dead.
Hilaal’s iPhone: But I don't even like the music that I listen to before. That was my life.
Mary Kastner: Have you ever been diagnosed with like bipolar or mania.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. So have you ever gotten psychotic or you see things or hear things feel the TV has special messages think you're
Mary Kastner: Grandiose, you can do anything you're on top of the world.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Know,
Mary Kastner: All your thoughts are racing or speak too fast.
Hilaal’s iPhone: That yeah with the ADHD symptoms.
But the
Mary Kastner: The going for nights without sleep. It seems like you're attributing to
Mary Kastner: Being off the ad around, not because it was there before you ever took at around
Mary Kastner: Sec. Correct.
Hilaal’s iPhone: You like
Mary Kastner: You said you can go for nights without sleep was that
Mary Kastner: There before you ever took around
Hilaal’s iPhone: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Have you ever done any drugs.
Mary Kastner: Use your microphone, again, that helps because we're recording this. Yeah, okay.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Okay, yeah, I'm taking drugs like we
Hilaal’s iPhone: Are you still using weed.
Mary Kastner: Yes, okay, how often
Hilaal’s iPhone: Daily
Hilaal’s iPhone: It is it is a
Hilaal’s iPhone: Really helpful tool on the regulates my appetite and it helps me
Hilaal’s iPhone: Sleep. It helps me think.
Hilaal’s iPhone: More clearly course nothing compared to add well but it's just the
Hilaal’s iPhone: Know, like, Yes, I know.
Mary Kastner: Caffeine
Hilaal’s iPhone: Caffeine sometimes I drink Coca Cola. I don't like coffee.
Mary Kastner: Okay, how many Coca Cola is a day.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Not more than a can, if I'm so
Hilaal’s iPhone: Hydrated
Mary Kastner: Yeah, any energy drinks.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Oh, no, no, no, I don't like the
Hilaal’s iPhone: Any nicotine. Yes.
Mary Kastner: How much nicotine.
Hilaal’s iPhone: That is a good question. So when I first source community sector. Actually, I was smoking cigarettes up to a packaging, which works 20
Hilaal’s iPhone: Then
Hilaal’s iPhone: With the help of Community psychiatry, I was able to get off cigarettes complete
Hilaal’s iPhone: And
Hilaal’s iPhone: So I switched to an electronic cigarette, which was
Hilaal’s iPhone: A major
Hilaal’s iPhone: Lifesaver with the employee better regarding the toxic toxicity and stuff.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Yes, it's still nicotine and all the rumors going on about it.
Mary Kastner: Are you baby.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Do I
Hilaal’s iPhone: Put this. It's not like
Hilaal’s iPhone: It's
Mary Kastner: It has a cartridge. Right. Yeah. It has a cartridge. Yeah, and
Mary Kastner: Of course your chest nicotine.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And what's the dosage.
Mary Kastner: On the nicotine.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Nicotine is 2%
Hilaal’s iPhone: Okay, I wouldn't
Hilaal’s iPhone: I would refill it every
Hilaal’s iPhone: Two to probably 10 days. Everything needs. Yeah.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Sometimes, two weeks.
Mary Kastner: You use any other drugs like cocaine methamphetamine sedatives pills.
Mary Kastner: OK. OK. So I'm going to talk a little bit into the
Mary Kastner: Computer. Here we have a transcriber transcribing this, I like to kind of go over what we've talked about in
Mary Kastner: Front of her
Mary Kastner: In front of you so that she can get it right in case I'm
Mary Kastner: Saying something wrong. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Well, this is Hillel sidak
Mary Kastner: He on time, good eye contact. He gives a history of diagnosis of anxiety and depression as well as ADHD and he says that he started to add around and stopped about eight months ago. How long do you think you were on the Adderall total
Hilaal’s iPhone: Sorry, it's a bit slow for me to remember. So please don't mind.
Hilaal’s iPhone: I started
Hilaal’s iPhone: Late 2017
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okay. And then you've been off for about 10 months.
Hilaal’s iPhone: And the reasons why you went for treatment. The first place you had some
Mary Kastner: Inability to sleep, you go for days without sleep, you were anxious
Hilaal’s iPhone: I'm sorry, maybe I didn't put that right but the reason why I went there.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Was for the question.
Mary Kastner: Thank you. Okay.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Not suicidal depression. It was the
Hilaal’s iPhone: The, the question of hopelessness of
Hilaal’s iPhone: In capability to the point of feeling
Hilaal’s iPhone: That it's just I need to do something about it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, but you've never had suicidal thoughts.
Hilaal’s iPhone: You never know.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so then you were tried on Cirque well
Mary Kastner: Which kind of put you out was pretty heavy for you. Prozac and Zoloft, both of which gave me pretty bad heartburn.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Yeah. Yep. Also, it wasn't the right if I think it wasn't the right thing goes book meetings meeting. There's also had some
Hilaal’s iPhone: Science psychological scientific secret saying
Hilaal’s iPhone: Maybe I didn't notice them, but my family complain that I was more very much more snappy. Oh, I would
Hilaal’s iPhone: Get I would
Hilaal’s iPhone: Snap so easily that that was the main one.
Mary Kastner: Hyper irritable, both on the Prozac and Zoloft
Right.
Mary Kastner: Okay, this is good information then eventually you were put on the Adderall and got to 30 milligrams extended relief release. And you said that
Mary Kastner: You wanted to start it again because it helps you sleep. It helped you sit
Mary Kastner: Not fidget
Hilaal’s iPhone: It helped me everything will everything from from every from every breath that it's a
Hilaal’s iPhone: And from every
Hilaal’s iPhone: From every, every sense that I sent it was there. It was notice there was at my
Mary Kastner: Yeah, made you feel comfortable major think properly.
Mary Kastner: Made you not forget things remain calm. Eat well manage your diet regulate your brain.
Mary Kastner: By not having nightmares. Are you having nightmares. Now,
Hilaal’s iPhone: Oh yeah, always
Mary Kastner: Sleep.
Mary Kastner: And maintain your eye contact with people allowed you to sense things remember things
Mary Kastner: So today, you're telling me you don't have any depression or anxiety, you had, I think you said four hours of sleep last night, but you still can go days without sleep.
Mary Kastner: What you had some manic symptoms prior to seeking services for anyone, and that was that you felt
Mary Kastner: Your mind was pressured, and you could speak really fast and just not be attentive to anything but never any psychotic symptoms.
Mary Kastner: Right, okay.
Mary Kastner: Did you ever spend money that you didn't have recklessly or feel you didn't, you said you know sell grandiose, but did you ever
Hilaal’s iPhone: Have been few days ago.
Mary Kastner: Okay, or
Hilaal’s iPhone: Every comment.
Mary Kastner: Or BV be hypersexual
Hilaal’s iPhone: hypersexual line.
Mary Kastner: Like promiscuous.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Oh, reckless. Oh, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Oh my, oh my, yeah, have a bad experience about them.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so, um, your pH q nine which is a survey for depression was rated it's 21 which is severe
Hilaal’s iPhone: And your God. Sorry.
Hilaal’s iPhone: I'm sorry about that. I wanted to tell you there. I'm sorry that some of the information, most of the information, then I'll be giving you. Now it may not
Match the
Hilaal’s iPhone: The pH Q that he said
Hilaal’s iPhone: When I first made the phone call to
Hilaal’s iPhone: Write
Hilaal’s iPhone: Hard time
Mary Kastner: Uh huh.
Hilaal’s iPhone: I did not really feel so comfortable just given information as I was just as I mean nothing was wrong, but I guess I just didn't feel comfortable with it but I promised that I would
Hilaal’s iPhone: address that. And so we about
Hilaal’s iPhone: The way the two
Hilaal’s iPhone: Yeah, I understand what you're saying today, but these are, this is historical
Hilaal’s iPhone: Questionnaire okay
Mary Kastner: Li GH t seven you was one, which is also severe but again.
Mary Kastner: You're recording being youth dynamic today, meaning not having any depression or
Anxiety.
Mary Kastner: You can have a history of daily marijuana use it helps regulate your appetite helps you sleep helps you think
Mary Kastner: Caffeine is only a can of Coke cola perhaps daily if that
Mary Kastner: Your history of a pack a day cigarette smoking, which you stopped and now you're using a C E CIG with 2% Carter, do we feel about every 10 days.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so what I need to do is get you in our system here, open up a record. And have you ever been treated in patient for mental health.
Hilaal’s iPhone: And patient like
Mary Kastner: Us in the hospital.
Mary Kastner: Okay, but you've been to mental health treatment.
Mary Kastner: To see a psychiatrist that got you on meds to
Mary Kastner: Begin with an outpatient treatment.
Mary Kastner: Do you have any medical problems.
Hilaal’s iPhone: No. Okay, give me your head to head injury.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Know,
Mary Kastner: Where you lost consciousness or had seizures.
Mary Kastner: Or do you have headaches.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Over
Mary Kastner: Each other, with your vision or your hearing.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: In each other with your teeth, your mouth, your sinuses.
Hilaal’s iPhone: No.
Mary Kastner: frequent infections.
Mary Kastner: Especially like respiratory asthma pneumonia.
Hilaal’s iPhone: No, not at all.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your heart.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Oh fine so far.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any trouble. Besides the heartburn that you had with those meds with your stomach.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Oh, nothing. Never.
Mary Kastner: Okay, your kidney disease urinary tract infections.
Hilaal’s iPhone: You need to
Mary Kastner: Travel with your bones or your muscles.
Mary Kastner: So,
Mary Kastner: Okay. Any infections like STDs HIV, tuberculosis, hepatitis okay no thyroid problems or diabetes.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Not at all.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Negative medical history. How about your family. Do you have any family history of mental health issues or medical problems.
Hilaal’s iPhone: At all.
Mary Kastner: Nope. Your parents are alive and well and no sisters, brothers cousins aunts, uncles, with any kind of ADHD mania bipolar depression.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Whoa, that is a good thing if you allow me to still be a little bit about my, my family.
Hilaal’s iPhone: I'm from Egypt.
Hilaal’s iPhone: My dad and my mom is American
Hilaal’s iPhone: Okay. They separated when I was
Hilaal’s iPhone: Six months old sent to Egypt and
Hilaal’s iPhone: I guess like there was
Hilaal’s iPhone: Not that this
Hilaal’s iPhone: Nonetheless,
Hilaal’s iPhone: I have no idea about my family in the middle so
Hilaal’s iPhone: All the one to me.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Recently very recently.
Hilaal’s iPhone: I will discover that my grandma was alive. And that's when I
Hilaal’s iPhone: Only managed to see her. And that's all. When a
Hilaal’s iPhone: Lot.
Mary Kastner: That's your father's mother.
Hilaal’s iPhone: No, that is my mom.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: And your mother's dead. You said
Hilaal’s iPhone: My lover day
Mary Kastner: What happened.
Hilaal’s iPhone: I do not know. I was just living my life. I came expecting to find her and
Hilaal’s iPhone: I read an obituary online one day told me everything
Mary Kastner: And your mother, your grandmother can't tell you much.
Hilaal’s iPhone: She's so her when she she doesn't even want to talk about it. I understand.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Hilaal’s iPhone: So so pray for her.
Mary Kastner: Does she have any medical problems, your grandmother
Hilaal’s iPhone: Not that I know but she's all
Uh huh.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Oh,
Hilaal’s iPhone: Yeah, I think really is. So once you remember that. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, do you have any brothers or sisters
Yeah.
Hilaal’s iPhone: He is on six
Mary Kastner: Okay, and he's well
Hilaal’s iPhone: Yes, he's good.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and you have a relationship with him.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Just
Hilaal’s iPhone: Just that my lovely wife.
Hilaal’s iPhone: I don't know how to say this, but
Hilaal’s iPhone: I wouldn't maintain a relationship for the only one and not be so
Mary Kastner: It wouldn't happen. Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And have you had any surgeries.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. So you were born and raised where
Hilaal’s iPhone: I was born in the US with us till four years old.
Hilaal’s iPhone: I was saying to you, then I came back.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Six, seven years ago.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Okay, never go when you
Mary Kastner: Say that
Hilaal’s iPhone: Oh,
Hilaal’s iPhone: I don't want to talk about it. I mean, it's a long story, but it's horrible.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Wayne thing people blame everything on things, but I believe the reason why I'm
Hilaal’s iPhone: having issues with
Hilaal’s iPhone: My experiences.
Mary Kastner: Did you have some trauma.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Oh, thank you.
Mary Kastner: Is that, is that word, the nightmares are involved with
Hilaal’s iPhone: That's where
Hilaal’s iPhone: Sleep paralysis. Oh my god.
Hilaal’s iPhone: So bad.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And was your brother there in Egypt with you as well.
Hilaal’s iPhone: One.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Different you have a different personality.
Mary Kastner: He
Hilaal’s iPhone: Oh,
Mary Kastner: He's younger than you.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Know,
Mary Kastner: When you're there. Yeah, and he's
Mary Kastner: He's here now in the US.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Use the word seven six film, he's pretty good.
Hilaal’s iPhone: I mean, we
Hilaal’s iPhone: Mean, which makes me feel horrible. Did I can't even get a dog.
Mary Kastner: Where did you graduate high school
Hilaal’s iPhone: Never been to school.
Mary Kastner: Where
Hilaal’s iPhone: I haven't been to school ever
Mary Kastner: You have never been to school.
No.
Mary Kastner: So are you working with somebody to get some kind of training.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Oh,
Hilaal’s iPhone: What do you like
Mary Kastner: Income. Yeah, there's, there's a regional center you could get
Mary Kastner: You know, maybe when they do your while cycle social the social worker.
Mary Kastner: Could put you in touch with some resources.
For training.
Mary Kastner: I can hear very well. You're, you're my close
Mary Kastner: To that again.
Hilaal’s iPhone: I said, I appreciate it. But I don't think I have the mental power to even considered thinking about their, you know,
Mary Kastner: Well, I'm seeing that you're pretty intelligent but don't you know I really see that you're pretty
Mary Kastner: Verbal and expressive and
Mary Kastner: I think your baseline intelligence is pretty high, actually. So anyway, we
Mary Kastner: can discuss that with her.
Mary Kastner: So you're living with your grandma.
Mary Kastner: Right now you have you been living with
Mary Kastner: No, I'm
Hilaal’s iPhone: Sorry, no I'm living with my dad and brother.
Mary Kastner: Okay in Walnut Creek.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Walnut Creek.
Mary Kastner: I used to just doing the cooking.
Hilaal’s iPhone: My dad. I don't know how to cook.
Mary Kastner: Do you think you're getting healthy meals.
Hilaal’s iPhone: No, unfortunately, it's it's chaos like
Hilaal’s iPhone: It's so bad, like I shouldn't even be living in Britain. I have no choice to them so messed up. I can do anything for myself beneficial.
Mary Kastner: How she relationship with your dad.
Disgusting.
Hilaal’s iPhone: I know I didn't know that. But I wanted to keep it between me at you.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Does he put you down.
Hilaal’s iPhone: You say everything. Yeah.
Hilaal’s iPhone: I'm us all hitting person putting down
Hilaal’s iPhone: Everything really read things
Hilaal’s iPhone: Like I'm sleeping in my closet. What now.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Well, I know.
Hilaal’s iPhone: It's, I know it's it's it's mind blowing. And I like it because I need a voice for chaos and
Hilaal’s iPhone: Negative energy that's the only thing I could do, like, like doors open, you can see
Hilaal’s iPhone: Because I've been attacked
Mary Kastner: My god.
Mary Kastner: So, um, hello. I have another person now for the next appointment.
Mary Kastner: I'm going to put you in the waiting room and talk to this man a minute and then I'll be right back to you.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Okay, so I just remain on the line.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Just, just stay put.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Sounds good.
Mary Kastner: Hello, Levi.
Levi Lenett: Hello.
Mary Kastner: Hi. Hi.
Mary Kastner: I'm Mary faster. I'm sorry. I'm a little bit late. I'm just finishing with a patient can you wait in the waiting room just a little bit longer, and I'll be with you.
Levi Lenett: Yeah, no, that's no problem.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Levi Lenett: For sure.
Mary Kastner: I'll come back and get you
Mary Kastner: Not, not too long. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Hello.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Hello. Hello.
Mary Kastner: Hi. Um, so, uh, I'm going to kind of wrap this up but
Mary Kastner: We have more to talk about here.
Mary Kastner: Um, do you have any allergies to anything.
Mary Kastner: Medicine. Okay.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And do you feel physically ill at all right now.
Mary Kastner: Okay, no, no symptoms, a runny nose chest congestion. Okay. Okay. And as far as a mental status, I would say is normal.
Mary Kastner: Everything is normal.
Mary Kastner: So what I would like to do is have you come back and see me.
Mary Kastner: Next Tuesday, a week from tomorrow, or you can even come tomorrow at Perry be better if you came
Tomorrow,
Mary Kastner: We have a group at noon.
Mary Kastner: If you could come into that group at noon.
Mary Kastner: I want to see how you do all order they add around, but I really would like to see you on a mood stabilizer because this can make you manic
Mary Kastner: Put your microphone up to your mouth.
Mary Kastner: Because you're
Mary Kastner: making a lot of noise. Yeah.
Hilaal’s iPhone: I'm sorry.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Okay, mood stabilizer. Why was that necessary.
Mary Kastner: Because I think that you had a baseline and you still are having some sort of
Mary Kastner: What we call hypomania and the Adderall can actually throw you smack into a full manic episode where you're psychotic and
Mary Kastner: Last thing you want you know because you have the symptoms of some sort of
Mary Kastner: Crowded thinking some overspending some hyper sexual behavior and definitely the sleep issue so I'm
Mary Kastner: Sorry to cut you out around out around is an amphetamine and
Mary Kastner: You make
Mary Kastner: It can make all of that worse and i don't i understand it helps you. I don't, I'm not going to deny you from having it but you need to have a man mood stabilizer on board to keep you to help under this underlying mania. So you we can either
Mary Kastner: We can either order that today, or you and I can talk more about it in group tomorrow.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Oh,
Mary Kastner: You think you can come to group tomorrow at noon.
Mary Kastner: So,
Mary Kastner: lets you do you want to look up
Mary Kastner: Do you want to look up, I'm thinking about lead to do
Mary Kastner: You want to look that up in the meantime.
Hilaal’s iPhone: I will. But what does it belong to
Mary Kastner: It's a major tranquilizer.
Mary Kastner: Bell at UTA led to de
Mary Kastner: It's your
Hilaal’s iPhone: Bits on
Mary Kastner: Both the circle and the tutor. My, my, my major tranquilizers, but the tutors.
Mary Kastner: Much newer my lower levels.
Hilaal’s iPhone: I would I really in in in no need for any major trunk always it it is I understand your
Mary Kastner: The other, the other mood stabilizers, we can discuss. They are anti
Mary Kastner: convulsing drugs or lithium.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Oh, no, no, no.
Mary Kastner: No, that's why, that's why I think the
Mary Kastner: Tutor would be better.
Mary Kastner: So do you wanna, you want to look it up, and then we'll talk more about it tomorrow.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Well, if you think that's the
And then
Mary Kastner: What you do is you call into the front desk at 1145 and they'll tell you what room to get into for the group.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Will I be getting an email or
Mary Kastner: Something. No, no.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Okay, tell me what to do.
Mary Kastner: You call the front desk at 1145 tell me, are there for Serena and marries group.
Mary Kastner: To we
Hilaal’s iPhone: May want is blue.
Mary Kastner: And I'll tell you what room to get into
Hilaal’s iPhone: And that is tomorrow 1140
Mary Kastner: New yeah 1145
Hilaal’s iPhone: Okay, no.
Mary Kastner: Okay, sir. And then we'll figure out the medication at that point.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Okay, I know time probably is on the way to go. And would there be any option then the tutor.
Mary Kastner: Well, most Yeah, most of the options.
Mary Kastner: And Anna convulsing you could try dive out Pro X, you can look that up or Depakote.
Mary Kastner: Or
Mary Kastner: McDonald's another one.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Please allow me to write it.
Hilaal’s iPhone: And put it on my phone. First, second, sorry.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Okay. The first one was
Mary Kastner: Depakote DP, A. K. O. T.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Got it.
Mary Kastner: Or Lamictal l am I CTA L.
Mary Kastner: Or lead to de la at UTA
Mary Kastner: And then, of course, lithium.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Okay, let
Mary Kastner: Him is not scary. Actually, it's something we have in our body normally and we would start at a very low dose. It's a
Mary Kastner: Normal body salt.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Oh my god.
Mary Kastner: Santa depressant. There is
Hilaal’s iPhone: For those who are
Mary Kastner: Depressed.
Hilaal’s iPhone: But I'm not that you got me. Whoa.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Well, no, but you have a hypomania and
Mary Kastner: With
Hilaal’s iPhone: That was
Hilaal’s iPhone: Be told to
Mary Kastner: Yeah, well, look it up, look it up. Look up hypomania why
Hilaal’s iPhone: I know what is hypomania it is, the less virginal mania.
Mary Kastner: Is exactly, exactly.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Sorry if I can describe it. Right.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, but you have for symptoms or you have had for symptoms.
Mary Kastner: And to put you on add around without something covering that could really make Oh man.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Oh, being on at all with the symptoms and it fixed it. So I'm kind of confused.
Mary Kastner: Well, I can say that I, you know, gave you the caution and then you can make the decision to take the risk
Hilaal’s iPhone: Oh course. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Do you want me
Hilaal’s iPhone: Yes.
Mary Kastner: But I still see you in group.
Mary Kastner: Definitely. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'm
Hilaal’s iPhone: Sorry.
Mary Kastner: I will see you tomorrow. And I want you to look these things up and I'm hearing what you're saying.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Okay, I'm sorry, I'm, I'm just
Hilaal’s iPhone: I'm comfortable with.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Medication in general.
Hilaal’s iPhone: At all, at all since it was such a life changer for me.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Only one I like I don't even like taking Tamil or or Advil
Mary Kastner: headache. Yes, I hear you. Okay. Hello all over the Adderall today, but I want to see you tomorrow.
Hilaal’s iPhone: Sounds good doctor.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay. You take care
Hilaal’s iPhone: Okay you, Doctor, thank you so much.
Hilaal’s iPhone: You're welcome. Everything
Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: I'm going to try to get back. He's my next patient as far as Hillel goes I'm my diagnosis is
Mary Kastner: Bipolar to
Mary Kastner: Attention Deficit Disorder PTSD.
Mary Kastner: Parent, Child
Mary Kastner: relationship problems.
Mary Kastner: And I'm going to just prescribe the at around 30 extended our release and he's been advised that having this alone without a mood stabilizer could
Mary Kastner: Promote a football mania patient is reluctant to take any other medication needs medication shy.
Mary Kastner: Actually may have a phobia against other medicines and he's willing to take the risk. We've discussed symptoms of mania and he's asked to come to a weekly mental health group at noon on Tuesdays.
Mary Kastner: As far as mental status done everything was normal his history should note that he has had history of hypo manic symptoms of hyper sexuality.
Mary Kastner: Responsible spending and pressured thoughts.
Mary Kastner: Okay, thank you.
Mary Kastner: Hello.
Iliana: Hello.
Iliana: Hi. Hey.
Iliana: This is Levi. My name is showing up as early on, I had to use the computer somehow
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay. Okay, great. I don't know what happened but I went to get you in your there. And then as soon as I push the button, get you in. We lost you. So, yeah.
Yeah.
Iliana: It wouldn't even let me back in using my phone. So I had to go get the computer and link my headphones.
Mary Kastner: Oh yeah, I've been asking them to get on the phone and help you out because I don't know what happened. But anyway, can you put your video on
Iliana: Oh, you can't see me. Sorry, I'm trying to figure out how to do this on the computer.
Mary Kastner: So why are you Ileana
Iliana: Zoom for her meetings.
Oh,
Mary Kastner: No. That makes sense. I have my husband's computer so that does the same thing for me. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: So anyway, my name is Mary, and I'm a nurse practitioner in psychiatry and you came here for your first time today. Is that correct, are you seeing somebody else and you're here for a psych assessment.
Mary Kastner: Oh yeah. Dr. Allah, Doc. Right.
Iliana: Yeah, I
Iliana: Make meetings with them.
Mary Kastner: Okay, great. In your on Suboxone I believe with him.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Okay, so what can I do for you.
Iliana: Um, well, I have had like crazy anxiety, pretty much my whole life since like high school and she prescribed me this surreal is called Hydra or something like that. But it's visceral brand name and it's it's just not not doing much. I also have real real hard time falling asleep.
Iliana: My anxiety. It's like even right now. Like I have sweaty hands.
Iliana: Just
Iliana: Pretty much anything in life. Like if if there's a crowd there I can deal with all the noise of the people I've gotta like sometimes go home, depending on the situation.
Iliana: Like in the store. Sometimes I'll be in there and I'll just get this feeling come over me, or I can't even be there and I've had to walk out and leave all my stuff there.
Iliana: before all this happened. I had my primary doctor he had me on Xanax, originally, which I didn't, I didn't like that much. It helps, but it was like a real
Iliana: Quick help and then it stopped. And then after that, he put me on cold clonazepam
Iliana: And I noticed that that actually made a way bigger difference as in like I would take it at like five or six at night and then it would actually help me sleep.
Iliana: I would get a great night's sleep and then the next day like even my fiance issue. And notice, like I could get way more done either because I'm rested are just not as panicked and worried. In my head I just, I feel better and clear when I take it.
Mary Kastner: Haha
Mary Kastner: How many hours of sleep did you get last night.
Iliana: Last night, probably for
Iliana: And then not only that but I an entire
Iliana: Pack of to pop tarts yesterday for the whole day.
Mary Kastner: To not eating well
No.
Mary Kastner: And are you smoking.
Iliana: No.
Mary Kastner: No nicotine use at all.
Iliana: Well, I have a vapor pen occasionally that I'll use most of the time it's filled with zero nicotine, though. It's more just, kind of, because I used to smoke.
Mary Kastner: For you, for you if you ever had any trauma.
Iliana: Like physical or emotional
Iliana: Those yeah I gotten a bad quad accident. The last year. And that's kind of where all the back pain and stuff stem from
Iliana: All my, my whole lumbar all the discs are out of place and then spine and narrowing
Mary Kastner: Clyde. What does that mean,
Iliana: Oh, it's like a dirt bike with four tires.
Mary Kastner: Oh, okay. Thank you.
Mary Kastner: Yeah lumbar disc problems after a dirt bike with four wheels.
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay.
Iliana: Yeah I blacked out when I crashed that don't fully remember but my chin was split open to where they actually took me an ambulance.
Iliana: To a hospital down the hill from where I live, because they were gonna wire my Joshua
Iliana: And I got out of that by like a millimeter the merge the
Iliana: Surgeon said he couldn't believe it was just one little piece.
Iliana: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: So you're in pain. What's your pain level today.
Iliana: Today, it's probably about six and a half seven last week for about three, four days straight. I was at like nine nine and it was
Iliana: As bad as my back. Cut ever been, how much the box on are you on
Iliana: Oh, like, four of them a day.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so you're on 24 milligrams. Is it an eight.
Iliana: Straight either. Yeah, but whether the tabs. But yeah, she tried having me take a more often to help with the pain because the pain was so out of control. When I started
Iliana: Taking it
Iliana: And it kind of help, but it definitely like still like even right now like
Mary Kastner: When I
Iliana: Go to stand up. It takes me a second to stand up.
Iliana: Fully straight. If I've been like
Iliana: hunched over at all for a while.
Mary Kastner: Have you had any any surgeries to your lumbar area I
Iliana: Know they talked about it, but I've told them unless I can't live without pain medicine and I don't even want to go down that route because people in my family have had it and
Iliana: They had to add it read on our came out worst stuff like that.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Any other trauma, besides the accident.
Iliana: I'm
Physically, no.
Iliana: I mean just broken bones of the stuff growing up like both of my wrist. At the same time, but other than that I
Mary Kastner: Any emotional
Iliana: Trauma maybe growing up I
Iliana: Kind of grew up and
Iliana: Around the drug addict, my whole life. My mom. I've seen her shooting up. I've seen or passed out with the fridge open in the middle of the night passed out in the bathrooms passed out in the dog food bowl like
Iliana: Everywhere.
Iliana: It was a lot of arguing and stuff. I grew up around
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Um, so, uh, have you had any military service.
Iliana: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any legal issues. No. No. Okay. And your relationship with your fiance house.
Iliana: It's good.
Mary Kastner: And besides the two benzodiazepines, you've mentioned, have you had any other medication for the anxiety.
Iliana: No, they tried
Iliana: When I was going to my primary he sent me to
Iliana: Another Doctor, I want to say psychiatrist or something and he wanted to put me on SS eyes or SS our eyes.
Iliana: It's been a long, long time. I tried those years and years ago and my brother and sister both currently take them and
Iliana: If they skip a day on them. They like can't even do anything they talk about it like it's the worst thing in the world to have to come off those if they forget a day or something like they can't even get out of bed.
Iliana: And also, it kind of affects like my well whatever I went when I took it, it was years ago. But, uh, I just don't want it to like affect sex drive or anything.
Mary Kastner: Okay. It did. It did it affect that when you. Okay, okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: So you did try them good helpings it
Iliana: I'm not, but I noticed I didn't try it for more than like a month. Because of that, and I was afraid to go too far and then have to worry about like being stuck in my brother talks about
Iliana: Like electrical pulses like going through his brain. Yeah, that's not an SSRI. That would be an SSRI that would probably do that unless he was on Paxil packs.
Mary Kastner: That does that
Iliana: That was one of them. A year ago.
Mary Kastner: Feel yeah
Mary Kastner: Do you remember the names of the ones you were on
Iliana: No.
Mary Kastner: No, okay, Zoloft sertraline
Iliana: Low off this one. Yes.
Mary Kastner: lowered your sex drive.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: We do have some newer ones. One is called Trento x or Brent deluxe
Mary Kastner: That's one, we might want to try it generic. It's called world war two oxetane I don't have a problem with giving you the benzodiazepines, but you have to know they're addicting and
Mary Kastner: As you get older. It's not something you want to be on
Mary Kastner: Because
Mary Kastner: My chronic use can cause memory issues.
Iliana: I gotcha.
Iliana: My dad actually got diagnosed when I was born with chronic fatigue syndrome. They called it, where he got like claustrophobic couldn't even walk down the hallway, stuff like that.
Iliana: And since then, he had to see like tons of doctors but they finally found out what it was called. And he's been on kalana pin and cynical on my entire life. So
Mary Kastner: 37 o'clock is a good one.
Iliana: Yeah, he says that they've helped him. Amazingly, and like, like I was saying, the
Iliana: Xanax didn't help me.
Iliana: I mean, it helps when it was more of like a quick band aid the colon up and I noticed. Like, even when I couldn't feel it. I could tell that it was still like working into the next day.
Iliana: I wouldn't have. I'm glad you like that better Xanax is more of a street drug. It's a quick fix, and it's gone. Exactly. People want more and more because of that Klonopin is
Mary Kastner: Longer acting and it's delayed. It doesn't act right away. But both of those are bandaids you want you actually want to treat the anxiety with the treatment.
Mary Kastner: And that's why we look at these other medications and then you have the band aid, you know, for when you have the panic in the grocery store or whatnot.
Mary Kastner: So,
Iliana: I'm afraid with those is like
Iliana: One sex drive and then number two would be like
Iliana: If I skip
Iliana: A day or though this isn't going to be
Mary Kastner: Worse than
Iliana: That and the colonic pen even
Mary Kastner: Yeah, no. Typically not. But
Mary Kastner: One of the things that they use that similar to the cynic. One is effects or which or Cymbalta effects or can do that. You are you if you skip a day you don't feel so hot, so
Mary Kastner: Cymbalta is used actually for people with chronic pain and
Mary Kastner: I know that it's, you know, on paper effects are is probably the
Mary Kastner: Winner of the sex drive problems. I haven't seen it clinically
Mary Kastner: Cymbalta is a cousin, so I'm not, I'm not telling you that it's not going to happen, but
Mary Kastner: If it does, we can we can give you things for that. But these are just things to think about, do you typically just get four hours asleep or do you do. Can you get longer
Iliana: I'm timing to worse. I can get longer, but I do like what was it called the visceral, stuff like that.
Iliana: Like my whole life. I've got
Iliana: Every single sleep at you.
Iliana: You can try.
Iliana: The best one I've ever found that it doesn't work. But it kind of helps would be Lunesta over the counter, but
Iliana: It's definitely not a fix all at all.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: He said, I can't, you can't
Mary Kastner: Can't get comfortable because you have pain or did you have this insomnia prior to the accident.
Iliana: No, I've had, insomnia, my whole life. I think
Iliana: That stems from my anxiety as soon as I hit the pillow my head. No matter how tired I am just starts thinking about today, tomorrow.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, and that's another reason to get on one of these other meds because it can help with that obsessional thinking it's sort of like a record player that keeps going. And it'll keep you awake.
Mary Kastner: So any other symptoms like
Mary Kastner: manic symptoms, where you're talking too fast. Your thoughts are crowded.
Iliana: You feel like driving me
Mary Kastner: In do anything you're on top of the world. Nothing can touch you.
Mary Kastner: Don't have being hyper sexual
Iliana: No, not like that. I just, it's I get panic attacks sometimes like that. I can't keep my train of thought and I've always had issues like even in school, my whole life. I couldn't pay attention to still for more than a short period of time.
Mary Kastner: My
Mary Kastner: Happens when you get a panic attack.
Iliana: When I get a panic attack it fills basically kind of like my heart. They're gonna collapse in on itself and I just get really
Iliana: Worried sweaty.
Iliana: Have a hard time like even doing anything I can't be out in public.
Iliana: Like in anywhere I go with anybody. I always drive my own car. Because of this, and I just kind of retreat at home is the only place where I feel safe completely except for like when I go to bed and stuff like that. And then it starts to kick in and make me start worrying.
Mary Kastner: Did any of those manic symptoms ring a bell with you.
I'm
Iliana: A little I don't ever feel like I'm overly
Iliana: Like feeling good, but
Iliana: I definitely do have days where
Iliana: I'm
Mary Kastner: I
Iliana: I'm worse off than other days or even throughout the same day.
Iliana: But I wouldn't say ever feel overly good
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Iliana: But it does happen fast like I'll switch back from like anxiety back to normal pretty fast, but I don't really go
Iliana: above normal in my feelings, if that makes sense.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and never having these pressured thoughts or or fast speech or
Mary Kastner: Grandiose filters.
Iliana: Fast beach, yes I do talk really, really fast and I don't listen to everything. People say, I pick and choose words out of it. And then I
Mary Kastner: Kind of, it's more of an attention issue. Yeah, never spend money, you don't have or become hyper sexual
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Um,
Iliana: I feel like I kind of just am
Mary Kastner: I lost. I lost your video.
Mary Kastner: You're back on no video. I don't know what happened.
Iliana: Oh, there it is.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Have you ever felt
Mary Kastner: Like you've lost weight without trying
Iliana: Right now even yeah I've been down
Iliana: To 152 pounds. I'm five foot 10 my normal weight would be about 175
Iliana: But yeah, I've been 152
Iliana: Just looking sick before. How much do you weigh now.
Iliana: Right now.
Iliana: I'm about 170 right now. That was like as bad as it's been, but, um, no I'm not well at all. I have zero appetite today. I haven't had breakfast and I'm not even hungry.
Iliana: Yesterday, I just had a pop tart. I know I need these. So I'm going to try to force myself soon.
Iliana: But yeah, it's just
Okay, it's hard.
Mary Kastner: That's the other issue is that we have no chemicals that
Mary Kastner: maintainer mood focusing on
Mary Kastner: So if you're not getting enough protein not getting a good diet, then you don't have these neural chemicals in your brain that helps regulate all this so diet is important, but you have never lost weight intentionally
Mary Kastner: Like purging or vomiting or anything like that.
Iliana: No, I never yeah
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, or or overeating.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay. In any history of any kind of psychosis.
Mary Kastner: We
Mary Kastner: Think yours.
Mary Kastner: You're paranoid, or you have special powers or people can read you.
Iliana: Know, see things or
Iliana: Things like that. I do my whole
Iliana: Family. So with weight gain and I was heavier in high school and I'm afraid to get heavy again. So I think I tried to limit myself from
Iliana: overeating. When I am eating well, because I do go through spells of where I'll eat better than I am right now. Right now has been particularly bad. And I think it's because of the whole maybe Suboxone even or that whole thing happening on me.
Iliana: But yeah, I've been heavy before I've just since I lost all the weight. I'm like, super afraid to get back there, but I don't make myself throw up or anything. I just
Iliana: Okay, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay do. Okay, so I'm gonna, I'm in the same bind as I was before. So if you could just hang tight them until this next person to just wait a little bit. Okay.
Iliana: Yeah, no problem.
Mary Kastner: And I'll come right back to
Iliana: Like you
Mary Kastner: Hi Sarah.
Sara Floyd: Hi.
Mary Kastner: It's a cute picture of you.
Mary Kastner: I am with another person. I'm going to put you back in the waiting room, and then I'll get you as soon as I'm done. It won't be very long.
Sara Floyd: Okay, thank you. I'm sorry so late.
Mary Kastner: Oh, that's fine.
Mary Kastner: Levi.
Mary Kastner: Um, so
Mary Kastner: As far as your where you were born and raised. Where was that
Iliana: That was all in California. I was born in upwind and then since I was three. I was raised in the same house in Victorville
Mary Kastner: In Vicar Victorville
Iliana: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Victorville, California. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: To finish high school there.
Iliana: Oh yeah, actually.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Iliana: Well, I had attention issues. So after 10th grade I ended up having to get homeschooled but
Iliana: Yeah, I ended up graduating up here.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and
Iliana: Then I moved over to APPLE VALLEY, which is where I live now with my fiance.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And then what kind of work have you done
Iliana: I do heating and air conditioning work. I have a career in that
Mary Kastner: Okay, do you have, are you in a Union there.
Iliana: Oh no, actually, I'm starting my own business right now and I've worked for my dad, buddy. Since I was 17
Iliana: And he's actually moving out the Tennessee. So I'm gonna take over his business and add
That
Mary Kastner: For. So do you have a certificate in each factor. Yeah.
Iliana: I've got my 20 contractor.
Mary Kastner: That's fantastic. Um, any medical issues right now.
Iliana: But five from the back pain.
Iliana: And anxiety know
Mary Kastner: Hey, are you allergic to any medicines or
Mary Kastner: No allergies of the environment or food. Okay.
Iliana: I do have an Environmental Allergies
Mary Kastner: Okay, what
Iliana: Cat pollen like whole spring season. My nose is pretty much plug in anytime I go into a customer's house and they have kept like he is easy stuff like that.
Mary Kastner: Oh my God, yeah, I'm right now today. Are you feeling depressed or anxious
Iliana: Anxious. Yes.
Mary Kastner: 2010 being the most anxious you been, where would you put it
Iliana: I'm right now, I'd say about a
Iliana: Year. Okay. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And so as far as mental status. Everything is normal and mood is anxious and Africa is congruent.
Mary Kastner: And any thoughts of hurting yourself in your history or or actually made an attempt
Iliana: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay suicide risk assessment is low. So I'm diagnoses. Um, I would put you as panic disorder.
Mary Kastner: And chronic pain syndrome and
Mary Kastner: Probably a generalized anxiety disorder.
Mary Kastner: I want you to think about some options. If you want to look them up.
Mary Kastner: We could put you on something like your dad's on like the syrup center Kwan get you sleeping.
Mary Kastner: And then I'll give you some Klonopin
Iliana: I've never
Iliana: Been a Quan I definitely do have issues with sleep, that's an option. Definitely worth maybe exploring because I don't know how it would work for me since it's worked for him might be worth a shot.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'll
Mary Kastner: Give you
Mary Kastner: A prescription for that. And then the Klonopin and then what I would like to
Mary Kastner: Suggest is something like blue sparks and anti anxiety.
Mary Kastner: Medicine that you take three times a day, it is working on the same neurochemical so Klonopin I'm
Iliana: Not injecting a boost bar key.
Iliana: Who spark. Do I can do eat it.
Iliana: Yeah.
And people
Mary Kastner: Know it's a tablet three times a day boosts Barone, and it's it's really weird because people don't know it's doing anything and then they stop it and they go, oh my god, I
Iliana: Was doing something, how cool it.
Iliana: Was for me when I was on it last time.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, and you just so you know when you take a benzodiazepine with respect or with the Suboxone
Mary Kastner: You just, um,
Mary Kastner: You take a risk. The known deaths that we have from
Mary Kastner: Suboxone or people that are taking a benzodiazepine with it.
Iliana: I probably will slow down the Suboxone once I'm on the
Iliana: colonic, then I think the reason I'm probably still taking a little as much as I am is
Iliana: Because of
Iliana: Sleep and hoping that it'll help me with anxiety and stuff like that, because I don't really have anything else right now.
Iliana: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And you're going to Queens pharmacy on Highway 18
Mary Kastner: Yeah. OK. OK. And I'm going to order the cynic one, but I want to see you in group Monday night.
Mary Kastner: She Monday afternoons at four, four
Mary Kastner: If you call in about 345 they will put you tell you what room to get in and then in about two weeks and then we can decide if we want to add the boost bar.
Iliana: Okay, so just like fill in on a random Monday night still keep going to my normal group.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I'm, I'm not always in this group, but I'm gonna be there on the eighth. So make sure you come back.
Mary Kastner: To
Iliana: That for okay
Iliana: The other thing I've always had high tolerance is that
Iliana: Every you can tell me how you like these two enough
Iliana: Okay, yeah, I'll try that. I was what I was saying is, I've always had a high tolerance to
Iliana: Everything anybody's ever given me. It's, it's weird.
Mary Kastner: I'll get this sent a question for you. Now, too. But at that point, maybe we can add the spark.
Iliana: Okay.
Iliana: Emily Graham is the colonic
Mary Kastner: A half milligrams
Iliana: I have
Mary Kastner: I was on
Mary Kastner: One, you can take up to two a day. Only if you're having panic. Some, yeah. Only if you're having panic. Yeah, well,
Iliana: If, if it doesn't work, take, take another one. I gotcha. That was on one and a half before
Iliana: Up to two, but they had me on one and a half a day.
Iliana: Working. But yeah, I'll, I'll give it a shot.
For sure.
Mary Kastner: Wow.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, we can always fix it.
Iliana: Okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: With the doc center the center Kwan maybe you're not going to need it.
Iliana: Because you'll get your sleep.
Iliana: That's what I'm hoping. So I'll try it like this. First
Mary Kastner: Okay, and
Mary Kastner: Is 25 milligram capsule and just take it routinely at bedtime.
Iliana: The unicorn.
Iliana: Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: Don't take the Klonopin for sleep, you have this
Iliana: Yeah, no.
Mary Kastner: One at bedtime.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and I'll see you on the eighth
Iliana: All right, Mary was a pleasure to meet you, and I hope you have a great day.
Mary Kastner: Same here. I hope you do to
Mary Kastner: Take care.
Iliana: You too. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: Sarah.
Mary Kastner: Thank you. I have a
Mary Kastner: Good, thank you for waiting.
Sara Floyd: For
Mary Kastner: So are you
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Can you hit
Sara Floyd: How. Oh, here we go. I don't know what I did.
Sara Floyd: Yeah, I must have had an audio only
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: Hey you know what that that thing that
Mary Kastner: Whatever we call it avatar you had is a picture of you isn't too far off.
Mary Kastner: So what can I do for you today.
Sara Floyd: Dr. Allah dad told me I needed to make it a place with you.
Sara Floyd: I have your psychiatrists or psychologists, psychiatrists
Mary Kastner: Actually I'm Nurse.
Sara Floyd: psychiatric nurse practitioner. That's right. Yeah, and I'm in
Mary Kastner: I'm Mary Kastner. Yeah. Nice to meet you.
Sara Floyd: I haven't had any psychiatric care since November in November. I was on Wellbutrin
Sara Floyd: And a low dose of value as needed and Adderall and the value made me I don't value was fine. I do have a panic attacks that will be featured. Maybe suicidal. It was horrible. And I always forgot to take natural so
Sara Floyd: I'm not sure. I don't know if I need to start an SSRI if I'm just like situationally depressed, but
Sara Floyd: I know I always do that too. Like I always start arguing that I don't need medication and I probably do because it's been
Sara Floyd: Almost 40 years at this insanity. So I'm in these patterns and like ups and downs like i don't know i i do have a lot of situational things going on in my life that are depressing.
Sara Floyd: But yeah, my
Sara Floyd: My anxiety is crippling and holding me back from things and I do have ADHD, for sure. And I'm depressed, but I'm depressed. My, my mom took my daughter by parental rights at severed
Sara Floyd: About eight months ago I got the ruling for that I had a really traumatic horrific court date.
Sara Floyd: A year ago.
Sara Floyd: I ran away as 15 i mean
Sara Floyd: My entire life, which is insane traumatic experience and it just keeps going. I can't seem to break out of the patterns and figure out what to do. And I've never really tried medication, except for like last November.
Sara Floyd: And I guess I started the medication and it was only honor for about
Sara Floyd: Two or three months or something and then I moved back here to California and that was in Baltimore. So I saw Dr. Christopher Welsh there.
Sara Floyd: Yeah, I don't know, I'm not sure I guess just wanted me to call you and try to hash this out.
Sara Floyd: So I don't
Sara Floyd: I'm not sure what to tell you, or what's not.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so we'll just open a record for psychiatric purposes, and we'll get your history and no problem.
Mary Kastner: We'll figure this out.
Sara Floyd: Great.
Mary Kastner: I think it's interesting that you got suicide on the Wellbutrin
Mary Kastner: It was awful. I got like
Mary Kastner: an antidepressant. Yeah, yeah. So let's put that down as an adverse
Mary Kastner: Reaction in your record. So we don't do that again.
Sara Floyd: Right. Yeah. It was awful.
Sara Floyd: I think that we have
Sara Floyd: Several days to get to. And that's my bad.
Sara Floyd: I but
Sara Floyd: It was messing with my memory and my vision and
Sara Floyd: I mean, I was already suicidal. To begin with, and I
Mary Kastner: Just got a core, you have a history of teen
Mary Kastner: And just be be cautious because
Mary Kastner: more is not better.
Sara Floyd: You know with medication. So I know
Sara Floyd: It was because my memory.
Sara Floyd: Is freaking out because of the future.
Sara Floyd: I blaming them up the chain but it came
My
Sara Floyd: mental state at the time to. I was so depressed.
Mary Kastner: Right. Right. Okay. Well, are you very depressed right now.
Sara Floyd: I'm
Type of thing.
Sara Floyd: Yeah.
Sara Floyd: Things.
Are getting better right now.
Sara Floyd: I have a lot of things to be depressed about, you know,
Mary Kastner: Uh huh. So today be, what would you rate your depression 10 being the worst depressed. You've ever been.
Sara Floyd: Today I'm
Sara Floyd: I'm moderately depressed. It just kind of
Sara Floyd: My normal state of depression was just kind of stoic
Sara Floyd: More than like sad I cry. I'm not I've
Sara Floyd: Kind of always on the verge of tears, like if I have to talk about my life in any capacity. I'm probably gonna cry. You know, so
Mary Kastner: Yeah, so you you rate your depression, maybe five today. Okay.
Sara Floyd: I'm sorry. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, how about anxiety.
Sara Floyd: My anxieties seven. I'm always like, I'm picking my nails off right now.
Mary Kastner: So this is Sarah Florida. I'm just going to talk a little bit to the transcriber this is being recorded.
Mary Kastner: She is presenting with psychiatric symptoms of
Mary Kastner: Depression, anxiety, more anxious than depressed seven out of 10
Mary Kastner: PH q nine was 27 which is severe depression GA d seven was 24 also severe anxiety. It says here that you've been in residential treatment, about three times is that for the heroin and opioid use
Sara Floyd: Yeah, but when I was
Sara Floyd: 15 and I am my mother, put me. She may be a ward ward of the state and they put me in the state mental hospital but they only diagnosed me with oppositional defiant disorder, then
Mary Kastner: Okay, now was when you were 15
Sara Floyd: Yeah. And then I did enough hospitals for being depressed, but they never kept me very long, but I don't have insurance, all I
Ever
Mary Kastner: Have you ever tried to hurt yourself or kill yourself.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I
Sara Floyd: Was recently.
When was that
Mary Kastner: He froze Sarah's at my computer. Is it yours.
Sara Floyd: I can see it's like
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay, we're back on. So you were recently.
Sara Floyd: Yeah, Mother's Day.
Mother's
Sara Floyd: Birthday. I finally, I mean, I was getting depressed before that and then Mother's Day came and I just melted down. So, okay.
Mary Kastner: And that's when you thought you were gonna hurt yourself.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay.
Sara Floyd: My friend, did you go the hospital, though.
Mary Kastner: What hospital. Were you in
Sara Floyd: General counties that are
Sara Floyd: All USC.
Mary Kastner: Us. Okay, and then
Mary Kastner: Did they put john medicine there.
Sara Floyd: Didn't take it because I didn't want to partake in a call I had somebody following me.
Mary Kastner: I see. Okay, and what was it,
Sara Floyd: Just a lot
Sara Floyd: To give me a lot of the left and and they were getting me
Sara Floyd: Added at in there.
Sara Floyd: But they told me to talk tonight.
Sara Floyd: Or whoever I had somebody five to seven. So I'm doing a follow up. Now before I start taking any medications, you know,
Mary Kastner: Sure. Okay. Did you actually make an attempt to hurt yourself or did you just have the
Sara Floyd: Thought I regret really badly.
Sara Floyd: That, for me that's hurting myself.
Mary Kastner: Of course,
Sara Floyd: Yeah, so I i
Sara Floyd: Had a bunch of infections on my arm, because I don't have any veins. I mean, there's still gross. I still have the bruise residue of all that crap right now.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
But if
Mary Kastner: Any other times when you were in the hospital. Besides, when you were
Mary Kastner: 15 and this last time in my mother's day
Yes.
Sara Floyd: After my best friend died in 2010
Sara Floyd: I'm
Sara Floyd: In DC Washington DC.
Sara Floyd: I don't
See
Sara Floyd: I feel like that. Yes, and also
Sara Floyd: You're four years to get three or four years ago in LA. Good.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And with those both for suicidal thoughts.
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay. And is that when you relapsed again, or did you actually make an attempt or yourself in other ways.
Sara Floyd: Um, no, I realized
Sara Floyd: I think I took a bunch of pills that weren't any like they might have been as a surprise to
Sara Floyd: You. I don't remember what it was.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm. Okay. Are you sleeping, Sarah.
Sara Floyd: I'm not very well, no.
Mary Kastner: Okay. How many hours did you get last night.
Sara Floyd: Last night actually called the for a while ago.
Sara Floyd: At least five hours.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and what is your typical night's sleep.
Sara Floyd: And sometimes I can stay awake until I don't sleep at all, or I will
Sara Floyd: sleep for four to six hours.
Mary Kastner: Okay, how long does it take you to get to sleep. Once you're in bed trying to sleep.
Sara Floyd: Usually a while because I have such bad anxiety. I can't stop.
Mary Kastner: Moving or thinking what you're talking about hours or what
Sara Floyd: Yeah that's it could be hours. It really varies. Sometimes my body gets the point across.
Sara Floyd: But
Mary Kastner: Okay. Do you ever have thoughts, you know, that are just kind of
Mary Kastner: Racing and so and so pressured, you know, you just have too many thoughts.
Sara Floyd: Yes, and I started out of
Sara Floyd: The things that I think they're called intrusive thoughts, but I don't know because I'd never heard anybody describe it, but it like looks like a movie and it would be
Sara Floyd: Like my suicide or something. But I would see myself dead wherever I was like what the scenery of wherever I was in the world. It's really scary. Like, it was a Baltimore, I saw myself.
Sara Floyd: throw myself in front of a train. I was in Joshua tree in the desert. I saw my bleeding body in the in the desert say it was, it's really crazy
Sara Floyd: Beat It looks like a movie and I'm not like thinking anything about happened and just flashes in my head. And I'm like holy shit, then they get really depressed about it.
Sara Floyd: And it's really, um, it's interesting to me. So that's why I thought those were intrusive thoughts. I don't know.
Mary Kastner: They certainly are. They certainly are. Have you ever been on a mood stabilizer like lithium diving Pro X or Lamictal.
Sara Floyd: Know, my friend.
Sara Floyd: My friend recommended to me.
Sara Floyd: And of course I'm not depressed, but I have heard about what for sure.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, why wouldn't recommend that as a first one because it can cause some skin issues, until we get your skin kind of straighten out
Mary Kastner: Lithium is an age old mood stabilizers. We started using in the 50s, so that what would be an idea. The other one is the two de you ever heard of that.
Mary Kastner: The two de
Okay.
Mary Kastner: You haven't heard of that one.
Sara Floyd: Oh, it's
Sara Floyd: Great.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, it's La Raza donor love to have you heard of that one.
Sara Floyd: The internet without ok I can hear you now.
Okay.
Sara Floyd: No, I, I've heard of a few. Yes, I'm sorry. My, my.
Sara Floyd: Computer. Sorry. Hello.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so
Mary Kastner: If these intrusive thoughts are real.
Mary Kastner: Frequent how often are they happening.
Mary Kastner: Sarah.
Mary Kastner: How often are that intrusive thoughts happening.
Mary Kastner: Can you hear me.
Sara Floyd: And they've been happening said for a year down Dr report.
Mary Kastner: In how often is it
Sara Floyd: Started every day.
Mary Kastner: Is it every day.
Sara Floyd: I can hear you now. Your picture is frozen, though.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, are they happening every day.
Mary Kastner: Every other day
Sara Floyd: No.
Mary Kastner: Once
Sara Floyd: Once every day.
Mary Kastner: Once a week.
Sara Floyd: No they aren't happy every day.
Mary Kastner: Is it happened once a week.
Sara Floyd: No it's, it's a couple times a week.
Mary Kastner: Okay, couple
Sara Floyd: Guys like it's usually every week.
Sara Floyd: But not every day.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Um, so that's what I would recommend is we start something like what to de
Mary Kastner: It's a major tranquilizer.
Mary Kastner: You know Valium is a minor tranquilizer.
Sara Floyd: All right here.
Mary Kastner: So you think it's your
Mary Kastner: Year. Okay. You think it's your internet
Mary Kastner: So, can you hear me now.
Sara Floyd: Yes.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so let's try some
Sara Floyd: It helped me a lot with my ID my panic is crippling it
Mary Kastner: Uh huh.
Mary Kastner: Value, um, you know, is very, very
Mary Kastner: Gallium is very long acting. I wouldn't recommend you continue with that. Are you on any medicine right now.
Sara Floyd: It's good. So
Mary Kastner: Do you want to call back in
Mary Kastner: Yeah okay you can
Mary Kastner: Disconnect and call back in
Sara Floyd: I'm not an
Sara Floyd: Actor.
Mary Kastner: So, um, as far as
Mary Kastner: Okay, here we go.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Is that better.
Sara Floyd: How annoying.
Sara Floyd: Yeah, hear me now.
Mary Kastner: I can hear you. Can you hear me.
Sara Floyd: Hear me
Mary Kastner: Yes, I can hear you. Yes.
Sara Floyd: Finally, sorry. Yeah. What's going on the Internet.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Can you hear me.
Sara Floyd: I can't, you're not
Mary Kastner: You were taught. Okay. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, so I would you know I wouldn't recommend value is too long acting in it.
Mary Kastner: Kind of gets stored in your body and pops out when we don't know about it and I just don't like using it.
Mary Kastner: I would recommend instead of a minor tranquilizer like Valium that we would use a major tranquilizer. They are not addicting.
Mary Kastner: And it would help you sleep. It would help this pressure thinking that you can get with these crowded thoughts and some of your fast speech and your intrusive.
Mary Kastner: intrusive thoughts. So let's start some lead to de I think you probably have a bipolar disorder.
Mary Kastner: Has anybody ever told you that
Mary Kastner: No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: With
Mary Kastner: You know, depression,
Mary Kastner: And oftentimes, of course, people treat the depression and they don't treat
Mary Kastner: They don't see it as a part of a bipolar disorder and then
Sara Floyd: Right.
Mary Kastner: It doesn't work, you know,
Mary Kastner: Are you eating well
Sara Floyd: I am now. Yeah, I get the periods where I'm not, but I every no
Mary Kastner: Okay so well I mean three three meals a day.
Sara Floyd: And no, I don't do that easily. I mean, sometimes, but
Sara Floyd: No, I
Sara Floyd: For twice a day. Usually, but it's been about twice a day for the last week.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And are you eating proteins.
Sara Floyd: Yes.
Mary Kastner: Okay. The reason why I'm asking is, we want to watch your lipid level or your, you know, the fat and you food and we
Mary Kastner: Want to make sure you're getting enough protein because protein, of course, breaks down to
Mary Kastner: Amino acids which break down to the neural chemicals needed to keep your mood stable and help you sleep.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so we can give you all the medicine in the world. But if you're not eating right and you don't make attempts to structure your day so that you, you know, get to sleep, get in bed.
Mary Kastner: And have a dark room, not a lot of noise, you know, in kind of structure and help your sleep hygiene. We can't help medicine.
Mary Kastner: And help those things.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: So we're going to start you at 20 mil
Mary Kastner: And
Sara Floyd: You know, in a couple days. I'd like you to go to to have the
Sara Floyd: I can't hear.
Mary Kastner: 20 milligrams. And then I'd like to see you.
Mary Kastner: Next Monday.
Mary Kastner: Okay, come to group.
Yes.
Mary Kastner: On Monday.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay. OK.
Mary Kastner: Ok we back
Sara Floyd: I think so.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: I can. So I thought,
Mary Kastner: I'd like you to come to group on Monday.
Sara Floyd: Okay.
Mary Kastner: At it. It's a either a four o'clock or seven o'clock group, whichever works for you.
Mary Kastner: I'm going to be in there on the eighth
Mary Kastner: Floor and I
Mary Kastner: WILL CHECK IN WITH US TO HOW YOU'RE GETTING THIS how the medications working for you.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And there's and if I would let me just see if we have them here.
Sara Floyd: That they have you gotten
Sara Floyd: Any lamps.
Sara Floyd: Yeah.
Sara Floyd: I got so many here like a vials of blood so
Mary Kastner: Yeah, good for you, good for you for getting that done. Let me just see if it's what I need.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And in order to lead to de you take one at bedtime for like two days and then you take start taking two
Sara Floyd: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So, are you aware that you had a reactive hepatitis panel.
Know,
Mary Kastner: You have a primary care physician.
Sara Floyd: Know,
Mary Kastner: It would be recommended that you get a primary care physician.
Mary Kastner: Follow up on your hepatitis.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: I don't see a lipid panel here yet.
Mary Kastner: That's what I'm going to order for you as a lipid panel. So I'm sorry but you're gonna have to go back and
Mary Kastner: Get some more lab work done. Okay.
Mary Kastner: I'm in a vitamin D.
Mary Kastner: What lab. Do you go to
Sara Floyd: Quest and
Sara Floyd: Like Silverlake
Mary Kastner: Your Silver Lake
Yeah.
Sara Floyd: It's the one that was quite a bit.
Mary Kastner: 900260026 okay
Mary Kastner: Do you did you sign a release of information so that we could get your last
Mary Kastner: Your last
Mary Kastner: Hospitalization record.
Sara Floyd: Nobody asked me to know
Mary Kastner: Okay, I haven't actually
Sara Floyd: Anywhere. So
Mary Kastner: Yeah. OK. So I'm going to ask them to if you call
Mary Kastner: Back in
Mary Kastner: Tell them that you'd like to sign the release of information.
Sara Floyd: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And we'll get those because me
Mary Kastner: If they had that lab, you know, and then you wouldn't have to get it done.
Sara Floyd: Right.
Sara Floyd: They I doubt they will maybe they did.
Sara Floyd: They didn't keep me very long at all.
Mary Kastner: I don't sell I'll ask for those two things.
Mary Kastner: Are really, how many did they keep you overnight.
Sara Floyd: Yeah, I guess they did take some blood
Sara Floyd: I don't know what it was for.
Sara Floyd: And nobody's called me but
Mary Kastner: Uh huh.
Sara Floyd: OK.
Mary Kastner: OK. And then I'm going to call in the
Mary Kastner: Not calling. I'm going to send in the
Mary Kastner: Prescription for the lead to to what pharmacy do go to
Sara Floyd: But they had Walgreens on file for me.
Sara Floyd: It's an echo parka. It's also advisors, which is six. It's on Sunset
Mary Kastner: Okay, I think I have that
Mary Kastner: Okay. Um, so the what we're ordering here is a thyroid. Make sure that that's not an issue.
Mary Kastner: And also vitamin D.
Mary Kastner: Which can also contribute to depression.
Mary Kastner: And then the lipid panel. It's nice to get a baseline before we start the
Sara Floyd: Recording
Mary Kastner: So you want it.
Mary Kastner: Before we start the lead to the quest. You said Silver Lake
Sara Floyd: Yeah, that's the one I know what you last night. It was it a bond.
Mary Kastner: Now,
Well,
Sara Floyd: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Is it 900 to six.
Okay, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and then you're going to tell them that you want to sign a release of information.
Sara Floyd: Okay.
Sara Floyd: Tell the hospital.
Mary Kastner: Are you allergic to any medicines or any
Mary Kastner: Say that again.
Sara Floyd: Do I tell the hospital.
Sara Floyd: That and we do I tell me to
Sara Floyd: call the hotline. Tell me.
Sara Floyd: The early server production or
Mary Kastner: Tell you, you
Mary Kastner: Know call into our front desk and tell you on a sign a release.
Of Vince. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Release of information for that.
Mary Kastner: Actually what I'm going to do here is give you a 60 milligram tablet, so that way you can easily increase it to where it needs to be.
Mary Kastner: So you would start
Mary Kastner: At a half a half of a tablet.
Sara Floyd: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Daily for, um, I would say, let's say, three days.
Sara Floyd: Then
Mary Kastner: Crease to whole tablet thereafter.
Mary Kastner: Make sense
Sara Floyd: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and
Mary Kastner: I'll see you in group on Monday, the eight
Sara Floyd: Okay.
Um,
Mary Kastner: Let's hope this gets you sleeping.
Mary Kastner: So that's what I am going to ask
Mary Kastner: When I see you. I'm gonna say how many hours have you slept. What you mean like what are those intrusive thoughts like, Are you having any of those pressure, pressure, kind of, you know, too much thinking
Sara Floyd: Right.
Mary Kastner: Those are the things I'm going to want to know.
Sara Floyd: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And this is going to Walgreens on Sunset
Mary Kastner: If you feel like you want to hurt yourself at all. Do you have the
Sara Floyd: national suicide hotline number
Sara Floyd: I do. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: You, you do. OK.
Sara Floyd: Ok, I know where the resources for sure.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okay, so our plan, again, is my diagnosis of bipolar disorder, bipolar disorder depressed.
Mary Kastner: We're going to start you on the two to 30 milligrams
Mary Kastner: For three days and then increase to 60
Mary Kastner: You're going to continue to see Dr fig as you normally do it, you're going to see me Monday group. You can either come at four or seven, which do you think you would prefer
Sara Floyd: Or
Mary Kastner: Four o'clock. Okay. And I'm going to follow up as far as the target symptoms of crowded thoughts and intrusive thoughts and pressured speech and insomnia and your mood.
Mary Kastner: I'm going to ask
Mary Kastner: About all those things.
Mary Kastner: You're going to go get some labs and I can give you those results when I see you. Any questions for me.
Mary Kastner: Know. Okay. Okay. Thank you, Sarah.
Mary Kastner: Sorry, we had a little bit of a connection issue but you made it.
Sara Floyd: Right it. Okay.
Sara Floyd: Okay, take care.
Mary Kastner: Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: So as far as
Mary Kastner: mental status exam. She was basically unkempt
Mary Kastner: She looked very as if she was just trying to wake up. Her eyes were squinting um
Mary Kastner: Her speech initially was pressured
Mary Kastner: She talked about having a crowded thoughts but no psychotic symptoms crowded and intrusive thoughts.
Mary Kastner: She appeared
Mary Kastner: Per se to age.
Mary Kastner: She seemed to be oriented to person, place and circumstance. I didn't ask about the memory her mood.
Mary Kastner: Was depressed, but mostly anxious. She has a history of those pH q nine and Judy seven scores. I mentioned 27 and 21 or audit see was zero desk 10 was 10
Mary Kastner: She had an eight be the ha ha ha NP on 519 and referred to me for psychiatric evaluation and my diagnosis is bipolar. One depressed. I'm sure cures was positive for Diana Pam. On November 25 and
Mary Kastner: Suboxone on
Mary Kastner: From 1125 to 12 three dot fig is going to continue to follow her an offer for psychiatric reasons I'm just going to be enrolled in the four P. M.
Mary Kastner: O U D group when I can follow up with the psychiatric meds. It's far as the by lab it please indicate to you at a PhD nine of 11 witches.
Mary Kastner: Of 11 which is moderate God seven of eight which is mild audit co zero desk 10 of four and I gave you his diagnosis of panic disorder with the treatment of Klonopin and cynic one
Mary Kastner: And eventually, JD to eventually start boost bar.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any questions give me an email and thank you very much.